what's happened to you two sin beats one
here well doing a little work on my
sister's car you know I don't just do
cardio I do car mechanics I never went
to school for it I just decided one day
you know I just just witless paying
something that I can do on my own so
right now my sister's car has a problem
where it shuts off and turns back on on
its own while driving without my sister
having to turn the key on
so um I got some advice from this
another youtuber on Scotty Kilmer he
does a lot of how-to videos and car
mechanics and maintenance and stuff like
that and I went onto his web page and
you know I was able to ask him a
question and basically he gave me some
advice so we're gonna change the fuel
filter to start off with sometimes when
the fuel filters are clogged they won't
let enough gas going through the gas
lines in order to actually maintain the
car on so that could be a problem it
could be a faulty fuel pump it could be
an electrical problem like a computer
which we hope it won't be because you
know it just gets more more and more
expensive so starting off small it's a
little windy so bear with me
well lexus ES 395 there's our fuel pump
little thing right here basically what I
got to do the line top nut and the feed
from the gas tank bag put these two
lines on take and slide this one out of
its bracket installed it with a new one
should be simple enough I'm gonna try to
get it done
and hopefully won't shut up again again
if anybody needs advice on mechanics you
know you want to do it on your own go to
Scottie Kilmer calm and ask a question
it's all alright so this is part one of
changing the fuel filter hopefully I'll
get this out and let you guys see like
how it goes are you - latest